This folder contains three projects I did in my python introductory class. In "Project 1," I used the library "csv" to retrive data from a file called zonann_temps. In "Project 2,"
I used "PIL" to create four filtering functions that could access and filter images; I put all functions together into project() and made them create a new image with distinct filters from the three
jpg. images combined. In "Project 3," I created a game called "Avoid the X's" using the "Random" class; I implemented eight functions, each for: running the game, running each of the five levels,
displaying the instructions, displaying the game board, displaying the lives and the numbers selected in the game board, comparing the numbers you and the computer selected, and displaying
the "GG" or the "XX" result on the board. For further details, please see each project file. 

This folder also contains a personal project I made which combined my passion for music with my software engineering skills. The project consists of one file called PlaySound.c. This code in this file interacts with the computer's audio devices to produce sound in form of chords. It does that by using three special functions called "snd_pcm_open" and "snd_pcm_set_params" and "snd_pcm_writei" all which come from a software framework from linux called ALSA, one main function, and three helper functions called "play_chord" (it plays a chord in whichever octave, inversion, and root desired), "save_note" (it saves the information of a note into an array), and "play_signal" (uses the special function called "snd_pcm_writei" to tell the sound card to play a given chord).
